Getting and Cleaning Data - Course Project Code Book
====================================================
This document describes what all of the variables are in the tidySmartphoneData.txt file generated by `run_analysis.R`. Check out the ReadMe for more information on how the variables were created from the source data.
* SUBJECT_ID: Anonymous identifier for each of the 30 volunteers who participated in the experiment. They were between ages 19 and 48 years old.
* SIGNAL: The type of signal. For example, "BodyAcc" means the signal was taken from an accelerometer on the subject's body. The first lowercase letter prefix ('t' or 'f') denotes whether a time domain signal or Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) were measured. Please see features_info.txt and README.txt from the raw data .zip file for further information on each signal.
* MEASUREMENT: The estimate measured from each signal, either the mean or standard deviation. All other measurements (such as entropy, kurtosis, etc.) were excluded from this analysis.
* AXIS: The axis of the signal estimate. X, Y, or Z.
* LAYING_MEAN: The average of the values estimated for this subject at this signal measurement while they were laying down.
* SITTING_MEAN: The average of the values estimated for this subject at this signal measurement while they were sitting.
* STANDING_MEAN: The average of the values estimated for this subject at this signal measurement while they were standing.
* WALKING_MEAN: The average of the values estimated for this subject at this signal measurement while they were walking.
* WALKDING_DOWNSTAIRS_MEAN: The average of the values estimated for this subject at this signal measurement while they were walking downstairs.
* WALKING_UPSTAIRS_MEAN: The average of the values estimated for this subject at this signal measurement while they were walking upstairs.

All quantitative data in the raw data files were normalized and bounded within [-1, 1]. Further information and the raw data can be found [here](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones).